add: pp_limiter_en (#11)
osu-datenshi/website-docs: en/pp_limiter_en.md

---
title: "Datenshi Performance Points Limiter"
old_id: 13
---
<div style="text-align:center"><img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10250068/116959299-c8ae3580-accf-11eb-9ca3-15cd662dbca0.png" /></div>

> Hello! this is guide for who got messages from our Bot In-game, we are introduce to you that we have a unique pp limiter, this limiter are mostly prevent abusers/cheater to have more pp, **please note that you are not in banned/restricted mode**. It's just that you won't get more pp, if you play another fresh beatmap you will be get 0pp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello! this is a guide for those who got a message from our Bot In-game. We introduce you that we have a unique pp limiter, this limiter is mostly to prevent an abuser/cheater to have more pp, **please note that you are not in banned/restricted mode**. It's just that you won't get more pp, if you play another fresh beatmap you will only get 0pp.
```
grammar fix

# Limits

> These limits are applies both in Relax & Vanilla

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These limits are both applied in Relax & Vanilla.
```
fix

- Total PP
  - 5000pp (STD)
  - 8888pp (Taiko) 
  - 8888pp (CTB)
  - 9999pp (mania)
- Per Score/Individual PP
  - Not so disclosed value.

> \* PP limit may be changed in future without any notice depending on staff's discretion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PP limit may change in the future without any notice depending on the staff's discretion.
```

> # How to remove the limiter?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to remove the limiter
```
gk pake question mark
kalau mau pake question mark bisa ganti jadi 'How do you remove the limiter?'

1. You need to join our [Discord Server](https://link.troke.id/datenshi) 

> 2. Link your datenshi account with your discord account using our [Bot](https://osu.troke.id/discordtokens). If you already linked, you can skip this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Link your Datenshi account with your discord account by using our [Bot](https://osu.troke.id/discordtokens). If you're already linked, you can skip this step.
```
fix

> 3. Go to the channels `#issues-help`, **only this channel**. Post your [screenshot](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/698597147553169429/816492708356423680/screenshot308.jpg) and mention (one of) our **Moderators** or **Community Manager** for whitelist inquiry. Any inquiries done outside the channel will ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to the channel `#issues-help`, **only this channel**, post your [screenshot](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/698597147553169429/816492708356423680/screenshot308.jpg) and mention (one of) our **Moderators** or **Community Manager** for whitelist inquiry. Any inquiries done outside the channel will ignored.
```
no s cus singular
also smoll suggestion

## Things to note

- Devs ***__may__*** respond as well, but **please do not ping either of them directly.**
- Do not contact our staff by DM's. Use the given channel for it. ![ehu](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9847780/116959893-1ecbaa80-acc9-11eb-99ce-fd475b89e75c.png)

# Screenshot

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10250068/116958891-94864500-acce-11eb-8feb-17b6fbc2a930.png)

# FAQ

> - Q: **What if I didn't use Discord?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Q: **What if I don't use Discord?**
```
e

> - A: We will not approve any other kind of inquiries for this. Make your Discord account now ![ehu](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9847780/116959893-1ecbaa80-acc9-11eb-99ce-fd475b89e75c.png). Otherwise you won't be able to gain more PPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A: We will not approve any other kind of inquiries other than from Discord, you should make a Discord account ![ehu](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/9847780/116959893-1ecbaa80-acc9-11eb-99ce-fd475b89e75c.png). Otherwise you won't be whitelisted and be able to gain more PPs.
```
pee poo
